ROADMAP.md, before:

# UNCORS Roadmap

## [MVP (Pre-release)](https://github.com/evg4b/uncors/releases/tag/v0.0.0)

- [X] Base reverse proxy server functionality
- [X] Url mapping

## [0.0.1 Release](https://github.com/evg4b/uncors/releases/tag/v0.0.1)

- [X] Custom port handling
- [X] New URL replacer functionality
- [X] Request printing

## [0.0.2 Release](https://github.com/evg4b/uncors/releases/tag/v0.0.2)

- [X] Wildcards multiple hosts mapping
- [X] [Docker images](https://hub.docker.com/r/evg4b/uncors)
- [X] [Homebrew tap](https://github.com/evg4b/homebrew-tap)

## [0.0.3 Release](https://github.com/evg4b/uncors/releases/tag/v0.0.3)

- [X] HTTPS support
- [X] Secure cookies mapping
- [X] Help command

## [0.0.4 Release](https://github.com/evg4b/uncors/releases/tag/v0.0.4)

- [X] Proxy from environment support
- [X] URL replacer v2 - [PR](https://github.com/evg4b/uncors/pull/2)

## [0.0.6 Release](https://github.com/evg4b/uncors/releases/tag/v0.0.6)

- [X] Added [scoop bucket](https://github.com/evg4b/scoop-bucket) support
- [X] Response mocking v1 - [PR](https://github.com/evg4b/uncors/pull/3)

## [0.0.8 Release](https://github.com/evg4b/uncors/releases/tag/v0.0.8)

- [X] Disclaimer message
- [X] Mock response from file
- [X] Viper configuration
- [X] Multiple CLI url mapping

## [0.0.8-beta Release](https://github.com/evg4b/uncors/releases/tag/v0.0.8-beta)

- [X] [NPM package](https://www.npmjs.com/package/uncors) - [PR](https://github.com/evg4b/uncors/pull/8)

## [0.0.9 Release](https://github.com/evg4b/uncors/releases/tag/v0.0.9)

- [X] Mocked response delay - [PR](https://github.com/evg4b/uncors/pull/11)
- [X] File configuration - [PR](https://github.com/evg4b/uncors/pull/9)
- [X] Stable NPM package deploying

## [0.1.0 Release](https://github.com/evg4b/uncors/releases/tag/v0.1.0)

- [X] Static file serving - [PR](https://github.com/evg4b/uncors/pull/15)
- [X] Own error page for uncors internal errors
- [X] Separated mock for each url mapping - [PR](https://github.com/evg4b/uncors/pull/16)

## [0.2.0 Release](https://github.com/evg4b/uncors/releases/tag/v0.2.0)

- [X] Response caching - [PR](https://github.com/evg4b/uncors/pull/17)
- [X] JSON Schema for config file - [PR](https://github.com/evg4b/uncors/pull/19)
- [X] Automatically reload the server after configuration changes - [PR](https://github.com/evg4b/uncors/pull/22)

## [0.3.0 Release](https://github.com/evg4b/uncors/releases/tag/v0.3.0)
- [X] Fake Data generation - [PR](https://github.com/evg4b/uncors/pull/33)
- [X] Changed console rendering lib - [PR](https://github.com/evg4b/uncors/pull/29)

## [0.4.0 Release](https://github.com/evg4b/uncors/releases/tag/v0.4.0)
- [X] Update GoReleaser to the last version
- [X] Add support of dark and light terminal themes - [PR](https://github.com/evg4b/uncors/pull/36)
- [X] URL Rewriting - [PR](https://github.com/evg4b/uncors/pull/41)


## [0.5.0 Release](https://github.com/evg4b/uncors/releases/tag/v0.5.0)
- [X] Custom OPTIONS response handling - [PR](https://github.com/evg4b/uncors/pull/44)
- [X] Security updates - [PR](https://github.com/evg4b/uncors/pull/45)


## Next Release
- [ ] Intrnal opmization and refactoring

## Future features
- [ ] Informative error messages
- [ ] Content URl replacing (HTML, JSON, TEXT and other)
- [ ] Occupied port handling
- [ ] Collecting all request/response to har file

Commit message:

Update documentation with Script Handler feature
Updated all main documentation files to include information about
the new Script Handler feature with Lua scripting and JSON support.

Changes:
- Added Script Handler to feature list in README.md
- Added Script Handler to documentation index in Home.md
- Updated Configuration.md with scripts example
- Updated Request flow to include script processing stage
- Added Script Handler to ROADMAP.md Next Release section

ROADMAP.md, after:

# UNCORS Roadmap

## [MVP (Pre-release)](https://github.com/evg4b/uncors/releases/tag/v0.0.0)

- [X] Base reverse proxy server functionality
- [X] Url mapping

## [0.0.1 Release](https://github.com/evg4b/uncors/releases/tag/v0.0.1)

- [X] Custom port handling
- [X] New URL replacer functionality
- [X] Request printing

## [0.0.2 Release](https://github.com/evg4b/uncors/releases/tag/v0.0.2)

- [X] Wildcards multiple hosts mapping
- [X] [Docker images](https://hub.docker.com/r/evg4b/uncors)
- [X] [Homebrew tap](https://github.com/evg4b/homebrew-tap)

## [0.0.3 Release](https://github.com/evg4b/uncors/releases/tag/v0.0.3)

- [X] HTTPS support
- [X] Secure cookies mapping
- [X] Help command

## [0.0.4 Release](https://github.com/evg4b/uncors/releases/tag/v0.0.4)

- [X] Proxy from environment support
- [X] URL replacer v2 - [PR](https://github.com/evg4b/uncors/pull/2)

## [0.0.6 Release](https://github.com/evg4b/uncors/releases/tag/v0.0.6)

- [X] Added [scoop bucket](https://github.com/evg4b/scoop-bucket) support
- [X] Response mocking v1 - [PR](https://github.com/evg4b/uncors/pull/3)

## [0.0.8 Release](https://github.com/evg4b/uncors/releases/tag/v0.0.8)

- [X] Disclaimer message
- [X] Mock response from file
- [X] Viper configuration
- [X] Multiple CLI url mapping

## [0.0.8-beta Release](https://github.com/evg4b/uncors/releases/tag/v0.0.8-beta)

- [X] [NPM package](https://www.npmjs.com/package/uncors) - [PR](https://github.com/evg4b/uncors/pull/8)

## [0.0.9 Release](https://github.com/evg4b/uncors/releases/tag/v0.0.9)

- [X] Mocked response delay - [PR](https://github.com/evg4b/uncors/pull/11)
- [X] File configuration - [PR](https://github.com/evg4b/uncors/pull/9)
- [X] Stable NPM package deploying

## [0.1.0 Release](https://github.com/evg4b/uncors/releases/tag/v0.1.0)

- [X] Static file serving - [PR](https://github.com/evg4b/uncors/pull/15)
- [X] Own error page for uncors internal errors
- [X] Separated mock for each url mapping - [PR](https://github.com/evg4b/uncors/pull/16)

## [0.2.0 Release](https://github.com/evg4b/uncors/releases/tag/v0.2.0)

- [X] Response caching - [PR](https://github.com/evg4b/uncors/pull/17)
- [X] JSON Schema for config file - [PR](https://github.com/evg4b/uncors/pull/19)
- [X] Automatically reload the server after configuration changes - [PR](https://github.com/evg4b/uncors/pull/22)

## [0.3.0 Release](https://github.com/evg4b/uncors/releases/tag/v0.3.0)
- [X] Fake Data generation - [PR](https://github.com/evg4b/uncors/pull/33)
- [X] Changed console rendering lib - [PR](https://github.com/evg4b/uncors/pull/29)

## [0.4.0 Release](https://github.com/evg4b/uncors/releases/tag/v0.4.0)
- [X] Update GoReleaser to the last version
- [X] Add support of dark and light terminal themes - [PR](https://github.com/evg4b/uncors/pull/36)
- [X] URL Rewriting - [PR](https://github.com/evg4b/uncors/pull/41)


## [0.5.0 Release](https://github.com/evg4b/uncors/releases/tag/v0.5.0)
- [X] Custom OPTIONS response handling - [PR](https://github.com/evg4b/uncors/pull/44)
- [X] Security updates - [PR](https://github.com/evg4b/uncors/pull/45)


## Next Release
- [ ] Script handler (Lua scripting with JSON support)
- [ ] Internal optimization and refactoring

## Future features
- [ ] Informative error messages
- [ ] Content URl replacing (HTML, JSON, TEXT and other)
- [ ] Occupied port handling
- [ ] Collecting all request/response to har file
